Add pre-commit hook and documentation to prevent swappable model dependencies (#11989)
learningequality/kolibri: docs/backend_architecture/upgrade.rst

strings should have no prefix (``u`` or ``b``) and the migration should contain
``from __future__ import unicode_literals`` as an import.

For any migrations involving Foreign keys to the FacilityUser model, the migration
will automatically be generated to use a swappable dependency on settings.AUTH_USER_MODEL.
This should be changed to remove the swappable dependency, set a fixed migration dependency
and remove the AUTH_USER_MODEL setting from the settings file. FacilityUser should be used

> instead.

Reviewer: I don't know if this is really better, but more as a brainstorming idea than a specific suggestion, what if this
> This should be changed to remove the swappable dependency, set a fixed migration dependency
and remove the AUTH_USER_MODEL setting from the settings file. FacilityUser should be used
instead.

becomes: 

> Linting checks intentionally remove the swappable dependency, set a fixed migration dependency, and remove the AUTH_USER_MODEL setting from the settings file. FacilityUser is used instead [of.... ? I do not actually know. AUTH_USER_MODEL?]. We do this so that [I do not know this either, something something... KDP]

> For any migrations involving Foreign keys to the FacilityUser model, the migration
> will automatically be generated to use a swappable dependency on settings.AUTH_USER_MODEL.
> This should be changed to remove the swappable dependency, set a fixed migration dependency
> and remove the AUTH_USER_MODEL setting from the settings file. FacilityUser should be used
> instead.

Author: ```suggestion
For any migrations involving Foreign keys to the FacilityUser model, the migration
will automatically be generated by Django to use a swappable dependency on settings.AUTH_USER_MODEL.
This should be updated by removing the swappable dependency, setting a fixed migration dependency
and replacing the reference to `settings.AUTH_USER_MODEL` with `"kolibriauth.FacilityUser"`
instead. For an example of this, see this previous pull request: https://github.com/learningequality/kolibri/pull/11984 .
```
